
"Degenerate liberals, Imperialist scum, anarchists and kikes... None will stop the Eco-Fascist party on its triumphant march towards saving the planet!" 

 - EcoFascist call to Anons

The Eco-Fascist party is one of many parties started up for the /pol/ parliament with a heavy focus on preservation of culture, race, environment, and tradition. It seeks to undo the damages that capitalism, communism, and global degeneracy have done to the environment and society. It rejects the majority position of the INP and preaches a doctrine which prevents the growth of immoral or out of control industries.  The party is led by BosniakBro !!iZRuDptfTs7 and was founded on 11/21/18.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Plans:
 Culture preservation projects implemented in school to educate the nations future. These projects will be shown through educational art programs, parades, books, music, and teachings. Love for country will be instilled at an early age. 
 Free speech is still protected, unless it is speech promoting pornography or other degenerate sexual acts (any sort of sex industry falls under this category.)
 Environmental restoration programs to restore the environment which was destroyed by the broken capitalist system in place world wide. 
 Private industry is retained, however, much like the Third Reich's economic system, the government has total power to intervene and regulate when regulation is needed to either protect the economy from an overgrown industrial complex or trends which prove to be an antithesis to the people's psyche and happiness. 
 Unlike the Third Reich, the economy will be smaller and military spending will be much smaller (Still, a reasonable standing army will be maintained.) This means debt is much less of a problem. 
 Eugenics to ensure only the best of citizens breed and to limit the population. A overly large population only burns through Earth's resources faster and makes it harder for social programs to help everyone.
 All families in the country are encouraged to experience parenthood, unless they fail to meet standards for such a divine task (see above). Population will be controlled with those with desirable genetic traits having larger families and more financial cushioning from taxes. 
 Abortion is strictly prohibited unless to fulfill eugenic requirements. If a couple forces the state to do an abortion that could've been avoided, they are punished for doing so. 
 Tax companies and stores that don't use biodegradable materials to incentives research in better, cheaper biodegradable material to use. 
 Fund scientists to research nuclear energy and cleaner material.  
 Extravagant industries will be heavily discouraged.  
 Switch to nuclear energy, solar energy, and wind energy.
 Higher focus on education and science. Military comes second and is to protect the nations borders for majority of the time.
 Undesirables will be executed via using them as target practice for the army and there bodies made to make nutrient rich soil for farms to use.
 Some undesirables will be used for force labour alongside prisoners. 
 No prisons. All prisons will be switched into labour camps to do jobs that most people don't like to do and to assist farmers with there free labour, so long as doing this does not interfere with the job status of a non-criminal citizen.
 Hunting passes only for invasive species in said region. Hunting/killing endangered species is punish accordingly depending on case.
 Complete destruction of anything that was part of the LGBTQ+ movement.
 Separate schools for men and women to educate the two different genders on there roles in the family and provide the education needed for the two genders to fulfill there roles as well as make the best citizens as possible.
