NEW DRAFT FOR THE CONSTITUTION OF THE /pol/ ASSEMBLY
 
We the Anons of /pol/, in Order to form a more perfect Imageboard, establish Justice, insure the Freedom to Shitpost, oppose Reddit faggotry, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution of the /pol/ Assembly.
 
Article I.  Of the Sovereign.
Section I.  As site founder, Moot shall be named Emperor of 4chan.
Section II.     As site owner, Hiroshimoot shall be named Shogun of 4chan and acknowledged as the site sovereign. This shall be the case until such time as ownership of 4chan is transferred to another, at which time they will additionally receive the title of Shogun and recognition as sovereign.
 
Article II.     Of Moderators and Janitors.
    Section I.  
 
Article III.        Of the Legislature.
            Section I.      The Legislature shall consist solely of an Assembly. The Assembly is to be a unicameral legislature composed of the several Assembly Members. There shall be no limit on the total number of Assembly Members. Each Member shall possess one vote and have equal status with all other Assembly Members. Each Member must be a unique individual; no Member is permitted to maintain any more than one identity in the Assembly. All Assembly Members shall serve for the time while they appear regularly in roll calls and Assembly sessions.
Any anon desiring to become a Member must bear a name and secure tripcode. Any Assembly Member may, from the very beginning of their membership, join, create, or abstain from a political Party.
            Section II.     A President of the Assembly shall be nominated by the Chancellor and approved by a two-thirds majority vote of all Assembly Members. The President shall serve concurrently with the Chancellor who nominated him and shall be subject to a change of office following an election for Chancellor.
The President shall have the following duties: the President must collect each motion proposed by Assembly Members and hold them under consideration for the Assembly in consecutive order; the President must tally all votes for and against a considered motion and declare the motion passed or rejected as in accordance with this Constitution; the President must maintain civil order in the Assembly; the President must, in event of a tied vote in the Assembly, provide the tie-breaking vote, but in all other cases refrain from voting; and the President must remain impartial and nonpartisan.
            Should the President not be present, and a sufficient number of Assembly Members be present to consider motions and hold votes, the present Members may elect a Member from among them by a simple majority to serve as a President Pro-Tempore till the President returns. The President Pro-Tempore shall have all the same duties and powers as the President while acting.
Section III.    All Assembly Members have the right to propose motions to the Assembly. There must be a minimum of one-third of the total Assembly Members present for a motion to be considered. A motion under consideration by the Assembly must receive a simple majority vote of the Assembly Members present to be passed to the Chancellor and Kaiser (henceforth referred to as the Executives) for approval unless otherwise stated. All votes conducted by the Assembly shall be done on 4chan. Once a motion is passed, it shall be sent to the Executives to be approved.
Should one Executive approve the motion and the other abstain or also approve, the motion shall be considered ratified and put into effect. Should one or both Executives reject the motion, the vetoing Executive(s) must return a list of corrections and amendments to the motion to the Assembly that would result in an approval if adopted. The Assembly may then make the given corrections and amendments or pass the motion with a three-fifths majority of Members present, if one Executive vetoed; or with a three-fourths majority of Members present, if both Executives vetoed. If a motion is passed in this manner, the motion is to be considered ratified and put into effect.
If neither Executive approves or rejects the motion within a period of twelve hours after the passing of the motion by the Assembly, the motion shall be considered ratified and put into effect.
If a motion is rejected, identical motions may not be proposed and considered until after thirty-six hours following the rejection of the motion.
Section IV.     In any vote necessitating any majority of all Assembly Members, the vote must be scheduled at a minimum of twenty-four hours in advance, and all Assembly Members must be notified of the coming vote with a minimum of twelve hours prior to the scheduled vote.  
Section V.  Should a Member be inactive for three days without notifying the Assembly in advance of his absence, the Member shall not be counted among the total number of Assembly Members.
 
Article IV.     Of the Executive.
            Section I.      Executive power shall be shared between the Chancellor and the Kaiser. The Chancellor shall be elected by simple majority vote of the Assembly Members from among the several Members. The Vice-Chancellor shall be the candidate with the second-highest number of votes in the same election. The Chancellor and Vice-Chancellor shall serve a term of one week after being elected before the next election for the office of Chancellor is held. Chancellors once elected must relinquish their Assembly Member powers until their time in office has ended. Vice-Chancellors, aside from their position as next in line to the office of Chancellor, are otherwise regular Assembly Members.
Section II.     The Chancellor shall direct the Assembly towards the execution of ratified motions. The Chancellor shall be the enforcer of the rules and regulations stipulated in this Constitution and in motions ratified by the Assembly.
            Section III.    The Chancellor may be removed by the Assembly, should the Members obtain a two-thirds majority vote of all Members in favor of removal.
If a Chancellor is removed in this manner, the Vice-Chancellor shall assume the office of Chancellor and serve the remainder of the term before the next election for Chancellor is held as normal. The Vice-Chancellor thus assuming the office of Chancellor may then nominate a replacement Vice-Chancellor, to be appointed following approval by two-thirds majority vote of all Assembly Members.
Section IV.     Should the Chancellor be inactive for more than twenty-four hours, the Vice-Chancellor shall assume the office of Chancellor till the return of the Chancellor.
Section V.      The Chancellor shall have full organizational control of raids and other activities called for by ratified motions.
Section VI.     The Kaiser shall be AA420!Bb7yRWQv2A. He shall have all the same powers given to the Chancellor except the Chancellor’s powers of nomination for positions. The Kaiser shall not be allowed to vote on any motion and must act as a unifying figure, not overtly acting in favor of any one party. Whenever the Chancellor should nominate someone for a position, the Kaiser has the power to reject the nominee and prompt the Chancellor to propose a new nominee. The Kaiser may reject no more than two nominees in such a manner for the same position in the same nomination process.
The Kaiser may appoint a Vicegerent to serve as acting Kaiser while the Kaiser is inactive. The Kaiser may designate an Archduke as successor to the Throne.
The Kaiser may nominate a Registrar General to maintain the registry of political Parties and Assembly Members, including the duty of updating the State of the Assembly graphic. The Registrar General must be approved by a two-thirds majority of all Assembly Members to take office.
Section VII.   The Kaiser shall not be removable by vote of the Assembly except when he has demonstrated a mental incapacity to serve as Kaiser, he has remained inactive for more than three days without notifying the Assembly in advance, or he has remained inactive for more than one week regardless. In such an event, the Archduke will then ascend to the Throne and become Kaiser. If there is no designated Archduke, the Assembly may elect a new Kaiser by a two-thirds majority vote of all Assembly Members.
The Kaiser may also choose to abdicate his Throne, at which point the same procedure for succession will apply as described above.
 
Article V.      Of the Judiciary.
            Section I.      The Judiciary shall consist of a Supreme Court. The Supreme Court shall consist of five Justices, nominated by the Chancellor and approved by a two-thirds majority vote of all Assembly Members. Each Justice shall serve a life term. All Justices must remain impartial and nonpartisan in their judgements. Justices appointed from among the Assembly Members must relinquish their Assembly Member powers until their time in office has ended.
            Section II.     Each motion shall, upon ratification, be scrutinized by the Supreme Court as to its accordance with the Constitution, existing ratified motions, and previous rulings by the Court. Each scrutinized motion shall be deliberated upon and then voted on by the five Justices, and a simple majority vote in favor of the motion shall be sufficient to allow the motion to stand ratified. Should a majority of the Justices vote against the motion, the motion shall be rejected. The deliberation and vote by the Justices on any motion must not exceed a period of twenty-four hours; should the Justices fail to reach a decision by then, the motion shall be considered ratified and put into effect.
            Section III.    Justices may be removed by the Assembly, should the Members obtain a two-thirds majority vote of all Members in favor of removal.
 
Article VI.     Of Ratification, Amendment, and Replacement.
            Section I.      This Constitution shall be considered ratified and adopted following a two-thirds majority vote of all Assembly Members in favor of ratification.
            Section II.     Amendments to the Constitution may be passed with three-fourths majority vote of all Assembly Members in favor of amendment.
            Section III.    A Constitutional Convention may be convened by the Assembly following a three-fourths majority vote of all Assembly Members in favor. During a Constitutional Convention, the Assembly may freely replace the current Constitution with a new one following a subsequent three-fourths majority vote of all Assembly Members.
 
In witness whereof We have hereunto subscribed our Names,
 
Jezza Corbachev
AnonLogic
jizrani
cuckorado
Publius
BosniakBro
Deathwyng
gopnik
Puff
MountainMan
Joann Dubois
