The Modern Whig Party

Political Position: Libertarian Centrism

What is Libertarian Centrism? Think of the political coordinate plane, with the economic and cultural axes. Libertarian Centrism is exactly what it says--about in the middle of the economic spectrum, but well-grounded in the bottom part of the cultural spectrum.

Whigs support the idea of government and partisan cooperation, but more importantly, we are supporters of pragmatic legislation. Pragmatic legislation is that which puts the heaviest focus on the most dire problems first, before moving down the line of issues. We don't screw around with minor issues like genders or identity politics--we cut the crap and get right to the biggest threats to humanity and our liberties.

When crafting legislation, the Modern Whig Party doesn't consider particular special interests. Pluralism is good to hear out issues that groups of the population have, or to see what programs they want supported, but special interests cannot be the sole focus of legislative action. All groups' ideals must be taken into account.

The law must benefit everyone the most.

Ideologies: 

Pragmatism
Governmental and partisan cooperation
Renewable and Nuclear energy programs
Science and Research investment for the future
Moderate Environmentalism
Balanced economic freedoms
Cultural liberalism/anti-authoritarianism
Federalism
What does this mean?

We endorse both a market economy, as well as necessary governmental regulations on it. Additionally, we support the protection of ALL civil rights and liberties. No, we're not liberal SJWs. We're moderates with a passion for liberty. The best way forward is to encourage the opportunities for many ways forward; the best ideas will outclass the worst. To such end, we dedicate ourselves to the propagation and support of civil debate, the mixture and experimentation of ideas, and the analysis of the past to prepare ourselves for the future.

The Modern Whig party is committed to its ideals of liberty; however, we accept moderates from either side of the aisle. We want conflicting opinions and ideas. Only through debate will we reach the better conclusion. We are not a party of close-minded acolytes who will do anything a leader directs them to. The Modern Whigs simply represent an interest in a free, open government for the people, that protects liberties and is pragmatic in its affairs.

LIFE, LIBERTY, AND PROPERTY.

Economic Regulations:

Authoritarian rule can come from the government or from corporations. To prevent this from happening some control of the markets is necessary, but only where the practices of business harm competition and innovation.

Regulations should be practical and prevent potentially damaging unfairness in the market.

Insider trading ban
Anti-trust laws/regulations
Economic subsidies
Liberties:

Every human is born with the rights to life, liberty, and property.

Privacy Rights
Government Transparency
Right to vote
Right to be free
Freedom of speech, religion, expression
